Docs: Game Server Allocation Details (#3583)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Reference/gameserverallocation.md

weight: 30
---

> {{% feature publishVersion="1.38.0" %}}

Reviewer: No need for a feature flag - feature flags are only for when we talk about a feature that hasn't been released yet. Updated/improvements to existing docs for existing features don't need it.

> {{% feature publishVersion="1.38.0" %}}

Reviewer: I like this place better for this documentation improvement! 👍🏻

> When we have a fleet of game servers ready, allocation is the process of selecting a one of these servers for use. This is achieved using a `GameServerAllocation`. The allocation process marks the chosen game server for gameplay and marks it as `Allocated`. This ensures that the server is reserved for active players and not considered `ready` for other allocations until `SDK.Shutdown()` is called, or it is manually deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allocation is the process of selecting the optimal `GameServer` that matches the filters defined in the `GameServerAllocation` specification below, and returning its details.

A successful Alloction moves the `GameServer` to the `Allocated` state, which demarcates that it is currently active, likely with players on it, and should not be removed until SDK.Shutdown() is called, or it is explicitly manually deleted.
```

Some tweaks to the language.

@roberthbailey, @Kalaiselvi84  WDYT?

Author: I've updated this change. Shall we include this info in FAQ page?

Author: So the answer is `no`.  Shall we merge this PR?
